c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\NotasApp.Site.dll.config
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\NotasApp.Site.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\NotasApp.Site.pdb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\obj\Debug\NotasApp.Site.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\obj\Debug\NotasApp.Site.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\obj\Debug\NotasApp.Site.pdb
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\NotasApp.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\NotasApp.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\AutoMapper.pdb
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Elmah.Contrib.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Elmah.Contrib.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Elmah.dll
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Elmah.Contrib.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NotasApp\NotasApp.Site\bin\Elmah.Contrib.WebApi.xml
